Aleksandr Petrosyan: Hold up
so.
Bye.
Hart Montgomery: Hey, Alexander, hey, Dmitri, how are you all today?
Aleksandr Petrosyan: Good. Thank you.
Dmitri Venger: Yeah. Not right now that Thank you. Should we wait a bit longer, or
Hart Montgomery: are any of the Indie folks coming like one of the things is that I think this conflicts with the meeting that a lot of them
Hart Montgomery: the a lot of people like Steven Kuran and others who would attend this meeting
Hart Montgomery: have to go to.
Aleksandr Petrosyan: Should we move it?
Hart Montgomery: Yeah. So I Why don't I I would suggest that.
Hart Montgomery: So I think there's some areas. It's not on the
Hart Montgomery: calendar, but I think there's something that they usually go to.
So it's probably good to ask
Hart Montgomery: Steven and others if there is a conflict.
Hart Montgomery: because i'm pretty sure there is.
Dmitri Venger: And, Kevin.
Hart Montgomery: how are you all doing otherwise
Dmitri Venger: they are not bad as well. Thank you.
Dmitri Venger: Busy, Keep it busy.
Dmitri Venger: Yeah, it's always the case. Right? Yeah.
Aleksandr Petrosyan: Hey, we do have some good news.
Aleksandr Petrosyan: and I see you approved the pull request. We have one more maintainer to the list.
Aleksandr Petrosyan: for now
Aleksandr Petrosyan: also
Aleksandr Petrosyan: he's an excellent developer. He's a little younger than the rest. But he's
Aleksandr Petrosyan: great. I've given him the task of not
interference directly.
Aleksandr Petrosyan: So just reviewing pull requests as much as we can, so we can get it down to 0.
Aleksandr Petrosyan: There's a a bit of a problem there in Kansas. Actually.
Aleksandr Petrosyan: it seems like we need 3 approvals to get the dependable
Aleksandr Petrosyan: to bump
Aleksandr Petrosyan: single line written to your mark.
Hart Montgomery: It should be 2 right
Hart Montgomery: it should be you.
Hart Montgomery: Yeah. Well, it's the proposer plus
Hart Montgomery: different people from the proposer.
Aleksandr Petrosyan: That's the problem. Do you have a look at actually that which Pr: you talking? What is there one?
Hart Montgomery: Okay.
Hart Montgomery: We would pull it up.
Hart Montgomery: Hope Github Doesn't: ask for like 18 different authentications.
Hart Montgomery: Okay, I see 220.
Hart Montgomery: Okay, do you want to
Hart Montgomery: Do you want it? So Brett has approved.
Hart Montgomery: So you approved.
Hart Montgomery: Do you want to ping just like Steven Current or somebody
Hart Montgomery: who else is.
Hart Montgomery: Let's see.
Aleksandr Petrosyan: So there's a different one
Aleksandr Petrosyan: right in the mobile you like. I think it's probably
Aleksandr Petrosyan: should be the difference
Aleksandr Petrosyan: it this way.
Aleksandr Petrosyan: So share the screen.
Hart Montgomery: Oh, so yeah, okay. So maybe we should also make.
Hart Montgomery: We should
Hart Montgomery: hunt for more maintainers.
Aleksandr Petrosyan: I didn't think that's the problem.
Hart Montgomery: Okay, what's the problem?
Aleksandr Petrosyan: See
Aleksandr Petrosyan: if you can.
Aleksandr Petrosyan: If you can see on this the checkmark next to you on that Brand's name is Green.
Aleksandr Petrosyan: Well, mine is great. I don't think I qualify as a
Brent Zundel: I think I fixed that.
Hart Montgomery: Did you ask Rye?
Brent Zundel: I I think I fixed the problem with that one, I think.
Hart Montgomery: Oh, Brents here, Great
Brent Zundel: Hi! So
Brent Zundel: when I entered
Brent Zundel: Alexander as a maintainer.
Brent Zundel: the the nick that I entered as his github handle was not correct.
Aleksandr Petrosyan: Yeah.
Brent Zundel: yeah. So when he approved the adding of another Maintainer, I went in, and it was like, oh, that green check that should be a green check, not a great check.
Brent Zundel: and I fixed the github handle as part of that. Pr.
Brent Zundel: And so I was hoping, moving forward. Green checks would appear.
Aleksandr Petrosyan: Okay.
Aleksandr Petrosyan: Actually, this call request can be just closed. The one place that makes this modification of the cargo lock which
Aleksandr Petrosyan: you're not even supposed to commence. If you working for library, it's supposed to be only use the binary price, so
Aleksandr Petrosyan: it's not a big deal for this one, but for the future. It might be a problem.
Aleksandr Petrosyan: right?
Aleksandr Petrosyan: So
Aleksandr Petrosyan: i'll just
Aleksandr Petrosyan: maybe give you an update on what we're doing.
Aleksandr Petrosyan: So
Aleksandr Petrosyan: we are looking at bumping tr
Aleksandr Petrosyan: current optimal up to date values means latest and compatible version.
Aleksandr Petrosyan: and then maybe a similar incompatible version. It turns out that it's a little bit complicated for also.
Aleksandr Petrosyan: But it's architecture.
Aleksandr Petrosyan: but we'll look into it, and we should be starting.
Aleksandr Petrosyan: So
Aleksandr Petrosyan: we're going to have a look at a little bit.
Aleksandr Petrosyan: Few issues that we raise ourselves.
Aleksandr Petrosyan: So
Aleksandr Petrosyan: 2, 1, 3 is going to be the next one on the to do list.
Aleksandr Petrosyan: Sure, if I can sign it myself.
Aleksandr Petrosyan: It is a science already.
Aleksandr Petrosyan: Actually, after today's amazing. I'll upstream the
Aleksandr Petrosyan: road not full.
Aleksandr Petrosyan: and include the issue numbers as well, so it's going to be one big issue.
Aleksandr Petrosyan: I think that that is considered part of
Aleksandr Petrosyan: out of hyp allergic workspace.
Aleksandr Petrosyan: I don't know if it's a good idea. Even the low number of issues to move all of our thinking to Zen. But if it is.
Aleksandr Petrosyan: this is an epic issue.
Aleksandr Petrosyan: If if you prefer us to secure Github.
Aleksandr Petrosyan: it's an issue which links to the other sub issues and try to
Aleksandr Petrosyan: any suggestions.
Aleksandr Petrosyan: And he's
Okay, let's conference.
Brent Zundel: I'm not opposed to it. I'm just not sure what that means.
Aleksandr Petrosyan: Okay, so allow me to illustrate.
The Zen hop is actually one of the
Aleksandr Petrosyan: That's a.
Aleksandr Petrosyan: They just open it quickly
Aleksandr Petrosyan: on your screen
Aleksandr Petrosyan: again. There we go.
Aleksandr Petrosyan: So yeah, basically. You log in with
Aleksandr Petrosyan: Yes, how?
Aleksandr Petrosyan: Directly.
Aleksandr Petrosyan: No need for separate authentication
Aleksandr Petrosyan: because it has to work with the repositories. This is what our workspace looks like for you.
Aleksandr Petrosyan: It's
Aleksandr Petrosyan: so we can have some pipelines. We can have a come on board
Aleksandr Petrosyan: with different statuses and automation, so pull request that should close.
Aleksandr Petrosyan: supposed to be close, and not some reason
Aleksandr Petrosyan: again this wasn't until My.
Aleksandr Petrosyan: you get the idea.
Aleksandr Petrosyan: This would allow us to organize things into something called
Aleksandr Petrosyan: There we go.
Yeah.
Aleksandr Petrosyan: you can filter by this issue. So it shows all the issues which are assigned to that group.
Aleksandr Petrosyan: You can
Aleksandr Petrosyan: attached newer issues to it.
Aleksandr Petrosyan: You can track the progress
Aleksandr Petrosyan: assignments
Aleksandr Petrosyan: practically anything you want.
It's a little bit more sophisticated.
Aleksandr Petrosyan: Github, because one that read the text that you are
Aleksandr Petrosyan: using will be
Aleksandr Petrosyan: whenever you are using the
Aleksandr Petrosyan: the epic as a filter, and you have completed all of the issues which are within that epic.
Aleksandr Petrosyan: We'll just close the
Aleksandr Petrosyan: That's it.
Aleksandr Petrosyan: Kind of Europe, it a lot more lightweight. And, as far as I know.
Aleksandr Petrosyan: every project in Hyper Ledger is encouraged to use this as opposed to Jira.
Hart Montgomery: So
Aleksandr Petrosyan: yeah.
Hart Montgomery: Alexander.
Hart Montgomery: quick question. Have you looked at using Github projects?
Aleksandr Petrosyan: Yes, we do. You don't like it
Aleksandr Petrosyan: doesn't have the same
Aleksandr Petrosyan: features that. And Well, actually, we
Aleksandr Petrosyan: We've always been an issue when we're about to expire.
Hart Montgomery: Yeah.
Aleksandr Petrosyan: And we tried to
Aleksandr Petrosyan: Github project. It was
Aleksandr Petrosyan: very, very slow
Aleksandr Petrosyan: not to mention that we duplicate all of our structure within that we can do it for, because it has a lower number of
Aleksandr Petrosyan: from pipelines and tickets, so to speak, doesn't have the equivalent to epics. So it helps me track manually.
Aleksandr Petrosyan: And as far as I can tell, Github
Aleksandr Petrosyan: doesn't like automation very much.
Aleksandr Petrosyan: So yeah.
Hart Montgomery: So we're actually we actually went through all the tools.
Hart Montgomery: and we have a section on Zen Hub.
Hart Montgomery: So
Hart Montgomery: like due to the the licensing thing.
we're basically saying
Hart Montgomery: projects we projects are are free to use Zen Hub if they want.
Hart Montgomery: But we're not going to organize it at like a
Hart Montgomery: the Hyper ledger foundation level.
Aleksandr Petrosyan: Okay.
Hart Montgomery: so like
Hart Montgomery: we we do have a lot of projects to use it already.
Hart Montgomery: and you know you are free to use it if you want.
Hart Montgomery: So if the May. If if you all want to do it, you should. You should go for it.
Hart Montgomery: It's not going to be like a a hyper ledger foundation wide thing.
Okay.
Hart Montgomery: because there is too much ambiguity over all the licensing stuff.
Aleksandr Petrosyan: In that case, I
Aleksandr Petrosyan: I mean it's. Again, if if you all really want to do it, you should go for it.
Aleksandr Petrosyan: Well.
Aleksandr Petrosyan: the reason why we
Aleksandr Petrosyan: preferred using Zoom because we already
Aleksandr Petrosyan: had a process around this. You don't really have anything to lose.
Aleksandr Petrosyan: I know.
Aleksandr Petrosyan: Let's let's just not realize it's a good idea. And besides, stuff doesn't seem to get me
Aleksandr Petrosyan: number of issues that we do I'm not like 50,000 already.
Hart Montgomery: And if you want I mean I
Hart Montgomery: I don't know, like I haven't like extensively
Hart Montgomery: dug into this stuff.
Hart Montgomery: But i'm
Hart Montgomery: told that
Hart Montgomery: i'm told that Github projects is working towards
Hart Montgomery: feature parity with stuff like Zen Hub.
Aleksandr Petrosyan: Okay.
Hart Montgomery: But yeah, obviously it doesn't have ethics yet.
Aleksandr Petrosyan: All right. Make sense. In that case it's
Hart Montgomery: you. You may want to talk to Ry about that If you're curious.
we
Aleksandr Petrosyan: we haven't ever to chance. Actually.
Hart Montgomery: Okay. So yeah, bring this up with him and save it like
Hart Montgomery: because he has a better view on the ground of this than I do.
Hart Montgomery: So you may want to say like, hey? Right? You know
Hart Montgomery: we're looking at. We want to use set hub, You know we heard You're encouraging people to use github projects.
Hart Montgomery: You know. What do you think are the best ways to work around this like epic thing.
Hart Montgomery: or what are the best way to to handle this in Github projects. I'm sure he'll have suggestions for you.
Aleksandr Petrosyan: Okay, that's a good idea.
Aleksandr Petrosyan: Hold it back.
Aleksandr Petrosyan: Okay.
Aleksandr Petrosyan: So
Aleksandr Petrosyan: I guess we covered everything that we did
Aleksandr Petrosyan: not a lot but
Aleksandr Petrosyan: little people.
Brent Zundel: I I reached out on discord about the discrepancy between the Github Orsa Maintainer's list and the Maintainer's dot Md. File that we were asked to create.
because
Brent Zundel: there are a lot of people who are listed as maintainers in Github, who
Brent Zundel: haven't been around for a while.
Brent Zundel: and so I
Brent Zundel: I thought that the Maintainer's Md. File was supposed to be the source of truth moving forward. But it doesn't seem to be actually tied into anything
Brent Zundel: that would
anything. So
Aleksandr Petrosyan: it's a painful thing.
Hart Montgomery: Are there left over Maintainer in the project?
Brent Zundel: There are listed in the Hyper Ledger
Github Project.
Brent Zundel: There are 13 people named.
Brent Zundel: I mean, Mono drivers is still in here. We haven't seen him in
Hart Montgomery: where
Brent Zundel: I will drop a link for you. I don't see. I'm looking at it right now.
Hart Montgomery: Oh.
Hart Montgomery: yeah.
Brent Zundel: I'm still listed as a maintainer, too right? I mean, which I mean, you're welcome to be I I
Hart Montgomery: No, no, no, no, I'm not like. I can't have an official position
Hart Montgomery: I had. I was told I have to. I had to resign everything.
Hart Montgomery: So yeah, this should be updated, do you all not. I guess you all Don't, have permission for this.
Brent Zundel: I do not have permission to make changes here.
Brent Zundel: Okay. I reached on the Maintainer's discussion channel in discord, and we'll see what happens just now.
Yeah.
Hart Montgomery: Okay.
Aleksandr Petrosyan: yeah.
Hart Montgomery: The discord is so busy. That's a good thing, but
Hart Montgomery: it means it's impossible to
Hart Montgomery: to keep track of. You may also want to ask in community architects, Brent.
Brent Zundel: Okay.
Hart Montgomery: because I know that they'll follow that
Hart Montgomery: they'll follow that more closely than the Maintainer discussions
by it.
Hey
it?
Hart Montgomery: And yeah, i'm gonna. I'll post the exact text we have in our like planned
Hart Montgomery: our planned
Hart Montgomery: project analysis.
Hart Montgomery: This is what we're gonna say for a Zen Hub.
Aleksandr Petrosyan: Thank you.
Hart Montgomery: So there's gonna be a blog post soon about projected lab services.
Hart Montgomery: because this has been very ambiguous in the past.
Hart Montgomery: and we have a
Hart Montgomery: a big document with the explanation of pretty much all the tools people use.
So
bye.
Hart Montgomery: Yeah, I mean, Alexander, if you if you want to. Also ask about the
Hart Montgomery: the Zen Hub versus Github Project stuff.
Hart Montgomery: i'm sure I would get back to you at discord there as well.
Aleksandr Petrosyan: so i'll.
Aleksandr Petrosyan: I'll just ask him to know DM. And frankly
Aleksandr Petrosyan: given that we would in most cases would have to create a a set of Pipelines differences. If Zen Hub Isn't encouraged to use.
Aleksandr Petrosyan: and I did this under the assumption that I was company wide
Aleksandr Petrosyan: in this type of legend, wide.
Aleksandr Petrosyan: my assumption was wrong now, probably.
Aleksandr Petrosyan: Besides.
Aleksandr Petrosyan: that's let's get it. Sorry for her for the issues around this.
Aleksandr Petrosyan: I was
Aleksandr Petrosyan: It's okay, fine. We
Aleksandr Petrosyan: I expected that to be some
Aleksandr Petrosyan: he's in. He's a di need of contributions.
Hart Montgomery: Yeah.
Aleksandr Petrosyan: it's perfectly fine. This is.
Aleksandr Petrosyan: in fact, I did have a question to Brent given that
here. Now.
Aleksandr Petrosyan: how should we proceed about updating all of the dependencies
Aleksandr Petrosyan: we could make a a semantically incompatible version of.
Aleksandr Petrosyan: because then any we exported data types would have to also be semantically compatible
Aleksandr Petrosyan: and upgrade to the latest. Because of all the lines which are still in use. With the exceptional failure.
Aleksandr Petrosyan: you
Aleksandr Petrosyan: and
Aleksandr Petrosyan: the next step would be to
Aleksandr Petrosyan: move away from fail and to restructure the
Aleksandr Petrosyan: maybe they as well.
I don't want to be the only one that makes that decision.
Aleksandr Petrosyan: So
Aleksandr Petrosyan: Do you have any objections for me doing that?
Brent Zundel: I I don't have any objections. I i'm.
Brent Zundel: You know, highly
Brent Zundel: conscious of the fact that Orsa has not even dropped a one.
Brent Zundel: and so as much as it's, you know.
Brent Zundel: in principle desirable to not break
Brent Zundel: backwards. Compatibility.
good
Brent Zundel: folks who are using
Brent Zundel: should
Brent Zundel: I'm. I'm sorry it's not even a one Yet if things are different in the one than they were before
Brent Zundel: I'm: sorry, but that's just the nature of
Brent Zundel: okay
Brent Zundel: young project. So
Brent Zundel: yes, we should update the dependencies, even if that
Brent Zundel: breaks things, because, moving forward, we need to be able to update those dependencies to things that are maintained and safe.
Okay.
maybe the first thing I will do.
Aleksandr Petrosyan: I'm: okay. Already. Some time this week
Aleksandr Petrosyan: it's
Aleksandr Petrosyan: so from the perspective of project management.
Aleksandr Petrosyan: There's one more question about the procedure.
Aleksandr Petrosyan: We
Aleksandr Petrosyan: we'll need to know when people are available for a code review, because
Aleksandr Petrosyan: currently the people
Aleksandr Petrosyan: from you know half of the working on us.
Aleksandr Petrosyan: How they need to maintain this
Aleksandr Petrosyan: I've asked other people they might volunteer. In the meantime
Aleksandr Petrosyan: there must be some third person, so that we have proposed that, plus 2 approval from
Aleksandr Petrosyan: of the Maintainer.
Aleksandr Petrosyan: what would be the best time for us to
Aleksandr Petrosyan: you know not the only 2 people who can review them. Presence?
Yes.
Brent Zundel: we like
Brent Zundel: so. So Mike. Water has not obviously been coming to these meetings.
Brent Zundel: He has
Brent Zundel: appeared on Github within the last couple of weeks.
Brent Zundel: responding to and approving pr's and things like that.
Brent Zundel: like he had a couple of full requests that were open for a long time, and I ping him on them, and he went and and just closed them.
Brent Zundel: So
Brent Zundel: in the short term
Brent Zundel: I think it would be possible to have
the hope that Mike would be
Brent Zundel: the second
Brent Zundel: second
Brent Zundel: party to to approve things or look at things
Brent Zundel: as far as timing of. When the Pr's come in. I don't.
Brent Zundel: I i'm
Brent Zundel: try to check at least once a week
Brent Zundel: the the list of things happening in Ersa.
Brent Zundel: But what day of the week that actually
Brent Zundel: false is
Brent Zundel: is utterly variable. So
Brent Zundel: I don't know that there's a time that
Yeah.
Aleksandr Petrosyan: okay.
Aleksandr Petrosyan: i'm perspective. I don't think we have any further questions.
Brent Zundel: So from my end I have gone in to the set of Pr's in.
Brent Zundel: and
Brent Zundel: essentially just.
Brent Zundel: you know, reached out to the posters, and if no.
Brent Zundel: you know, responses made just ended up closing all of the stale Pr's.
Brent Zundel: So all that are left are.
Brent Zundel: you know, the Github actions, pipeline and
Brent Zundel: fixing was, and then
yeah
Brent Zundel: bumping the depend upon thing which I I think is
Brent Zundel: going to be a non-issue. Once you get your Pr. In.
Brent Zundel: just want to
Brent Zundel: what folks know that I had been doing that.
Brent Zundel: and really look forward to
Brent Zundel: a little bit more active
Brent Zundel: progress, moving forward
Aleksandr Petrosyan: feelings meet you
Brent Zundel: So having done that with the Pr. I think the only open prs are ones that we care about, or.
Brent Zundel: you know, ultimately won't. But for the meantime it doesn't hurt to leave it open.
Brent Zundel: I
Brent Zundel: if other folks are okay with it. I'd like to.
Brent Zundel: I'd like to go through
Brent Zundel: and start doing some issue triage.
Brent Zundel: See which one of which which of these we feel are still
Brent Zundel: pertinent. I mean, there's issues that go all the way back to
Brent Zundel: 2020. So
Aleksandr Petrosyan: the point question is
Brent Zundel: as we go through, the the first question will be.
Brent Zundel: Is this pertinent?
The second one? If yes.
Brent Zundel: do we want to address it for version one or a future version
Aleksandr Petrosyan: that's correct.
Brent Zundel: Folks don't mind that.
Brent Zundel: I'll just start
Brent Zundel: walking through issues. I'll share my screen.
Hart Montgomery: Brent. I'm: unfortunately gonna have to drop for another meeting.
Hart Montgomery: Thank you all.
Hart Montgomery: Okay, yeah, Alexander, please feel free to reach out to staff on all of this stuff. Please don't.
Hart Montgomery: Please don't be shy.
Aleksandr Petrosyan: Yeah, No problem.
Hart Montgomery: Alright. Thank you all very much, and I will talk to you later. Please let me know if you, If there's anything I can do to help.
Brent Zundel: Thanks for.
Hart Montgomery: Thank you. And
Hart Montgomery: one other thing before I drop
Hart Montgomery: I'm going to keep an eye on the open wallet community as well.
Hart Montgomery: and if they have people looking to do similar stuff. I will obviously put you all in touch.
Brent Zundel: Excellent.
Hart Montgomery: so awesome. Thank you all so much. I'll talk to you later.
Brent Zundel: Thank you. Hart.
Brent Zundel: All right. We'll we'll start by looking at issue. 177
instructions on how to include and use Z. Mix are outdated
Brent Zundel: could be confusing
Brent Zundel: should be updated.
Brent Zundel: I think that this is not quite stale, but as soon as we begin making the structural changes that have been discussed it will be
Brent Zundel: entirely stale.
Aleksandr Petrosyan: Umhm.
Brent Zundel: And so
Brent Zundel: we have the option of
Brent Zundel: indicating now that we don't expect
Brent Zundel: this will be an issue in the future without addressing it, or we could
Brent Zundel: but, like we could leave it open and say, we'll close this as soon as it's. Officially. No longer an issue, or we could right now say
Brent Zundel: we have a different plan moving forward.
Brent Zundel: closing
Aleksandr Petrosyan: my recommendation would be to leave it open and close it when we definitely know that it's not going to be the issue. I agree.
Brent Zundel: so it's not going to go under of these 2 V. One milestone. But we could
Brent Zundel: any recommendations for a label that we could use to indicate we don't expect this to be something we care about in the future.
Possibly irrelevant.
Yeah.
Aleksandr Petrosyan: Good choice of color
Brent Zundel: I was I I it was a little too ugly for me. I was like, let's let's get something going on
Brent Zundel: alright, i'm going to this one.
Aleksandr Petrosyan: Cool
Aleksandr Petrosyan: to that.
Aleksandr Petrosyan: That that something
yeah.
that you all
Aleksandr Petrosyan: yeah.
Brent Zundel: right
Brent Zundel: next one. This is. This is the big one operation. Oh, so this was the original plan for the Ersa refactor.
Brent Zundel: It's
Brent Zundel: not entirely out of line with the direction
Brent Zundel: we seem to currently be going in. But I think the details are
Brent Zundel: probably
Brent Zundel: a bit different.
Brent Zundel: The question is, would it be worthwhile.
Would it be worthwhile
Brent Zundel: on this ticket, creating a new list of things that we want to do, or creating another issue with that list of things that we intend to do.
Brent Zundel: and then
Brent Zundel: I, using this one.
What's that issue
is opened?
Aleksandr Petrosyan: Okay.
Aleksandr Petrosyan: So
Aleksandr Petrosyan: my perspective on this would be
Aleksandr Petrosyan: you do?
Aleksandr Petrosyan: We should indicate that we are.
Aleksandr Petrosyan: But there is a possible conflict. But I do think that what we are trying to do is a very different thing; that
Aleksandr Petrosyan: to operation also, basically
Aleksandr Petrosyan: any reason being the whole idea here is that we should bring it as
Aleksandr Petrosyan: as a cryptographic library to be more feature complete, and the structural edits are
Aleksandr Petrosyan: mainly to reduce the
Aleksandr Petrosyan: technical debt. What we are trying to do is actually
Aleksandr Petrosyan: mainly reduce the technical debt.
Aleksandr Petrosyan: and then to bring it
Aleksandr Petrosyan: in line with
Aleksandr Petrosyan: what the vision might
Aleksandr Petrosyan: from our perspective us is complete. We have everything we need, so separating them into issues.
Aleksandr Petrosyan: i'm. Closing this one when the other 2 are close makes sense.
Aleksandr Petrosyan: We will not address operation also. We would try to avoid conflicts wherever possible. If there are conflicts, we would just indicate it here.
Aleksandr Petrosyan: and they look forward to questions. And it's the code.
Aleksandr Petrosyan: Yeah.
Aleksandr Petrosyan: Oh, i'm best to put it honestly.
bye.
Yeah.
Aleksandr Petrosyan: sure.
Aleksandr Petrosyan: Yeah.
Okay.
Brent Zundel: Also going to label it with possibly irrelevant.
Brent Zundel: Hey?
Yeah.
Brent Zundel: 181 more flexible 0 knowledge attribute equality in non credits.
Aleksandr Petrosyan: it's like you can prove that I think it's to the user would still be able to add another
Aleksandr Petrosyan: with the same link secrets.
Aleksandr Petrosyan: Okay.
Aleksandr Petrosyan: So they
Aleksandr Petrosyan: link to specific implementations.
Aleksandr Petrosyan: I have to imagine that
Aleksandr Petrosyan: this should still be relevant. It's enhancement, because
Aleksandr Petrosyan: so this is just
Aleksandr Petrosyan: changing the functionality.
Aleksandr Petrosyan: So.
Aleksandr Petrosyan: yes, to the first question.
Aleksandr Petrosyan: Second question.
Aleksandr Petrosyan: I think it makes sense for one, though, because this is a convenient feature that people would accept.
Aleksandr Petrosyan: At the very least it would make our life when we actually implement zoom knowledge proofs a little bit easier.
Aleksandr Petrosyan: Yeah.
I agreed.
Brent Zundel: All right, labeled as enhancement added to
Brent Zundel: Milestone V: One.
Thank you.
Aleksandr Petrosyan: It's an implements to the era that prevents us from comfortable.
Aleksandr Petrosyan: Okay.
Aleksandr Petrosyan: there's
Aleksandr Petrosyan: one potential caveat to this issue
Implementing some error error
Aleksandr Petrosyan: requires to implement an orthogonal feature set which is called standard
Aleksandr Petrosyan: dependence on Standard Library, because
Aleksandr Petrosyan: our era is
Aleksandr Petrosyan: sd compliant. If you're running it in an embedded context.
Aleksandr Petrosyan: which we do.
Aleksandr Petrosyan: it will break everything.
Aleksandr Petrosyan: But, on the other hand.
Aleksandr Petrosyan: has a point here, but most libraries assume that you are using the standard library error in space.
Aleksandr Petrosyan: and unfortunately given that this interface is not portable.
It cannot be moved into another library, but is imported separately.
Aleksandr Petrosyan: So
Aleksandr Petrosyan: this is very much
Aleksandr Petrosyan: gonna have to happen after we've done that we
Aleksandr Petrosyan: into smaller crates.
Aleksandr Petrosyan: because.
Aleksandr Petrosyan: adding another feature to an already ludicrous amount of features is going to be problematic.
Aleksandr Petrosyan: Thanks.
Aleksandr Petrosyan: This might become a little bit easier with, anyhow, because
Aleksandr Petrosyan: I think they have the facilities time for the next release.
Aleksandr Petrosyan: if it's not already. But it will detect standard, no standard environments, and accordingly derive the correct
Aleksandr Petrosyan: right?
Brent Zundel: Okay. So I do think that we need to.
Brent Zundel: I mean.
Brent Zundel: I see this as
Brent Zundel: I'm: i'm going to rename the issue as
Brent Zundel: fix versa error handling.
Brent Zundel: and we can use it to just track that aspect of
Brent Zundel: of
Aleksandr Petrosyan: to general. You know we'll be a very specific fix er as a, because then
Aleksandr Petrosyan: we will deprecate the failure
Aleksandr Petrosyan: library.
Aleksandr Petrosyan: and instead use Anyhow.
Aleksandr Petrosyan: in addition to that, there will also be a few minor tweets to how errors are being exported.
Aleksandr Petrosyan: namely, that we want them to be re-exorted, so that you don't actually need to import the library from which the era came in order to be able to process it.
Aleksandr Petrosyan: And even then, because for us using nominated typing is not always possible.
So
Aleksandr Petrosyan: there's a lot more to fixing
it.
Aleksandr Petrosyan: That would be a good thing for an epic, and adding this issue to that, I think
Aleksandr Petrosyan: this is also definitely an enhancement and definitely something that needs to be done for 1 point out, because, said era era is a common assumption, like all libraries.
Aleksandr Petrosyan: so it cannot be considered. Feature completed. It Doesn't actually have that
Aleksandr Petrosyan: alright.
Brent Zundel: subtract for core components.
Brent Zundel: keys, macros, big number errors.
Brent Zundel: This is a a sub
Brent Zundel: issue to the project Orsa issue
Brent Zundel: not sure.
Aleksandr Petrosyan: I'd say that it's one of the mechanisms on which we will achieve the we fact that we want
Aleksandr Petrosyan: to be clear. There are alternatives to this.
Aleksandr Petrosyan: but this seems to be the least painful method, because then you.
Aleksandr Petrosyan: if you were using this project, you would have to do it. You would import as a call.
Aleksandr Petrosyan: and then you would statically link whatever algorithms you wanted a separate crates.
Aleksandr Petrosyan: it could be painful, but it would be quick.
Aleksandr Petrosyan: and with Lto. It would also be efficient, because then you would have one instance of
Aleksandr Petrosyan: as a call, and everything else will just
Aleksandr Petrosyan: statically look to that
Aleksandr Petrosyan: and produce a single
Aleksandr Petrosyan: great
Aleksandr Petrosyan: that makes sense.
Aleksandr Petrosyan: We can kind of simulate them.
Aleksandr Petrosyan: but it does tend to produce
Aleksandr Petrosyan: multiple, useless build.
Aleksandr Petrosyan: It's not quite there yet.
Brent Zundel: so leave the label enhancement, add it to milestone. V. One
Aleksandr Petrosyan: I
Aleksandr Petrosyan: I don't know.
Aleksandr Petrosyan: Did you consider the refactoring to be necessary for one month.
Aleksandr Petrosyan: or should it be, too, by now?
Okay.
Aleksandr Petrosyan: maybe it's
Aleksandr Petrosyan: to be fine.
Aleksandr Petrosyan: 1 point. So how do we find what it is?
Aleksandr Petrosyan: It means that as a is in a relatively stable state, right?
Yeah.
Aleksandr Petrosyan: In that case, at the label Monthly. So
Aleksandr Petrosyan: okay.
Brent Zundel: I use proof
Brent Zundel: perfect.
Aleksandr Petrosyan: They both question
Aleksandr Petrosyan: and possibly relevant. This will change.
Aleksandr Petrosyan: This would be
Aleksandr Petrosyan: useful for the old architecture. But in the New York session. I don't think that the same structure will make the function will be the relatively the same. But the calling conventions for them.
Aleksandr Petrosyan: i. E. Are they
associated functions as a type.
Aleksandr Petrosyan: they will change.
Brent Zundel: Okay.
Okay.
Aleksandr Petrosyan: Okay, that's an important point.
So we encountered this issue as well.
Aleksandr Petrosyan: Basically we have a cannot be compiled into what assembly?
Aleksandr Petrosyan: How this
Aleksandr Petrosyan: and this is an important problem, because it prevents us from using with us directly inside of our javascript, SDK. And it said, we use, you know how, which itself can also assembly.
Aleksandr Petrosyan: and somehow avoid the how. We we know exactly what needs to be done to look around in this case.
Aleksandr Petrosyan: which
Aleksandr Petrosyan: I say, but this is definitely.
Aleksandr Petrosyan: I label it as a bug.
Aleksandr Petrosyan: I'd give it the milestone. With 1 point I might give it a higher priority or less the issues
Aleksandr Petrosyan: because, not being able to compound some web assembly defeats a lot of your use. Cases for rust
Brent Zundel: sounds good to me.
Aleksandr Petrosyan: Yeah, this is out of the fix.
Aleksandr Petrosyan: The reason why we needed this is because on us it doesn't actually
Aleksandr Petrosyan: so. What I would do is, I would create another issue
Aleksandr Petrosyan: which actually specifies that all.
Aleksandr Petrosyan: So then, you don't have to
Aleksandr Petrosyan: guess which library a particular era came from.
Aleksandr Petrosyan: and you can just directly process.
Aleksandr Petrosyan: The reason why we came across this issue was because in that specific case
Aleksandr Petrosyan: the error was returned, but it was a private structure.
Aleksandr Petrosyan: So we saw that what was return was a
Aleksandr Petrosyan: was an era
Aleksandr Petrosyan: because it was in the right position in the email, but it never implemented in any
Aleksandr Petrosyan: didn't er or any of the standard trace for that.
Aleksandr Petrosyan: Nor was it possible to process it. The only way you could deal with it was to print it and pass the
Aleksandr Petrosyan: horrible.
Aleksandr Petrosyan: Could you assign this to me?
Aleksandr Petrosyan: And just
okay.
Aleksandr Petrosyan: I will just remember what I need to do about this
Brent Zundel: sounds good.
Brent Zundel: Any labels or milestones that would aid in
Brent Zundel: in that
Aleksandr Petrosyan: possibly relevant.
Aleksandr Petrosyan: Because it will definitely be
Brent Zundel: It's like similarly
assign it to me.
Aleksandr Petrosyan: Give it.
Aleksandr Petrosyan: Oh.
okay.
Aleksandr Petrosyan: okay.
Aleksandr Petrosyan: that's
Aleksandr Petrosyan: why is it locked down?
Oh.
don't you us?
Aleksandr Petrosyan: Okay. So from my perspective, this
Aleksandr Petrosyan: he's about, and it's
Aleksandr Petrosyan: okay
or
Brent Zundel: versa should have a key validation protocol
Aleksandr Petrosyan: check. If the signature is valid by signing an unknown object to sign that this should be added to key principles, but should remain optional. If you need more of this implementation.
Okay.
Aleksandr Petrosyan: I agree that it should be made optional.
Aleksandr Petrosyan: But I can't think of a mechanism
Aleksandr Petrosyan: if it is not, for
Aleksandr Petrosyan: I give it a label of enhancement, and I give it a
Aleksandr Petrosyan: the most of 1.1, maybe 1.2,
Aleksandr Petrosyan: one.
Brent Zundel: Should we? At this stage
Aleksandr Petrosyan: you can think about
Brent Zundel: I I I would. I would rather set up a future milestone.
Aleksandr Petrosyan: Yeah.
Aleksandr Petrosyan: makes sense.
Brent Zundel: and we can
Brent Zundel: further triage as we get
Aleksandr Petrosyan: good point.
Aleksandr Petrosyan: Yeah, this is my issue
Aleksandr Petrosyan: it to me
Aleksandr Petrosyan: and give it a security level.
Yeah.
give it Sf.
Aleksandr Petrosyan: one of the primary reds.
Brent Zundel: Yeah.
yeah.
Aleksandr Petrosyan: it's a nice little, but that's kind of a point.
Yeah.
Brent Zundel: And
Brent Zundel: I mean
because
Aleksandr Petrosyan: it's it's it's it's maintained
Aleksandr Petrosyan: same thing.
Brent Zundel: I think there
Aleksandr Petrosyan: yeah, exactly.
Aleksandr Petrosyan: this is
Aleksandr Petrosyan: kind of more of a future thing, because
Aleksandr Petrosyan: what we could do is we could just use
Aleksandr Petrosyan: a Yes, soft for the time being. It's fairly quick, and
Aleksandr Petrosyan: in this case the Ni Doesn't really give you much of an advantage.
Aleksandr Petrosyan: Yeah.
Yeah.
Aleksandr Petrosyan: yes.
Aleksandr Petrosyan: This is a C.
Okay.
Aleksandr Petrosyan: whether you're trying to use this inside of the build system. You need the library to be compiled in a
Aleksandr Petrosyan: the shared object which will increase the let's see.
Aleksandr Petrosyan: and that means
Aleksandr Petrosyan: in most cases in the Us.
Aleksandr Petrosyan: And the reason why that fails is because of it.
Aleksandr Petrosyan: Because in this case, yeah.
Aleksandr Petrosyan: that's the advice too much as standard Library features.
Aleksandr Petrosyan: and some of them are not portable.
Aleksandr Petrosyan: This should become possibly relevant.
Aleksandr Petrosyan: but it's also a bug.
Yeah.
Aleksandr Petrosyan: it's probably going to be 1 point. Oh.
Aleksandr Petrosyan: okay.
Aleksandr Petrosyan: this is a new one.
Aleksandr Petrosyan: I think this is used for signing down, like also the concerns of security. But it was private key instruction.
Aleksandr Petrosyan: I mentioned that this is not like in the libraries like this are using the unsafe library to be unsafe. But I thought I should mention here.
Okay.
Aleksandr Petrosyan: i'm not actually familiar with this
Aleksandr Petrosyan: issue. I would give it a
Aleksandr Petrosyan: so
Aleksandr Petrosyan: it definitely is security in the bug
Aleksandr Petrosyan: marking a function. Unsafe also is a similar breakage.
Aleksandr Petrosyan: So it was in some point. Now
Aleksandr Petrosyan: you should probably also sign it to me.
Yeah.
Aleksandr Petrosyan: there we go.
Aleksandr Petrosyan: Okay.
This is a.
Aleksandr Petrosyan: for example.
Aleksandr Petrosyan: very easy to understand example
Aleksandr Petrosyan: security.
Aleksandr Petrosyan: because people will assume that all of the seeds have the same. They don't
enhancement.
Aleksandr Petrosyan: And 1 point out.
Aleksandr Petrosyan: I think we missed one.
Brent Zundel: Okay.
that's the crunches of seedlings.
Aleksandr Petrosyan: That's what we just did.
Aleksandr Petrosyan: Sorry. How's it going to?
Aleksandr Petrosyan: I'm a sake.
Aleksandr Petrosyan: Yeah, this is already signed. This is documentation issue.
Yeah.
yeah.
Aleksandr Petrosyan: this sounds good.
Aleksandr Petrosyan: I wouldn't give it a month to. So it's the future.
Aleksandr Petrosyan: Ideally.
Aleksandr Petrosyan: ideally, this documentation should be done regardless whether or not
Aleksandr Petrosyan: it's the same process.
we should have addressed the ability to
Aleksandr Petrosyan: compile us and portable mode.
Aleksandr Petrosyan: But even when we do address it it's gonna be different. So this is gonna stay relevant to regardless of what we do
Brent Zundel: time for at least one more.
Brent Zundel: Okay.
alright.
Aleksandr Petrosyan: 26 of over 2022
Aleksandr Petrosyan: it's been a while.
Okay, so
Aleksandr Petrosyan: the way that change on generation will be handled is
Aleksandr Petrosyan: we'll just use it, gives history.
Aleksandr Petrosyan: and using it.
Aleksandr Petrosyan: commit messages
Aleksandr Petrosyan: to generate short services.
Aleksandr Petrosyan: I was done. You can see how it
Aleksandr Petrosyan: you can see how it looks
Aleksandr Petrosyan: fairly reliable.
Aleksandr Petrosyan: If you could also assign this to
Aleksandr Petrosyan: 601 D.
Aleksandr Petrosyan: And
Aleksandr Petrosyan: technical right? So
Aleksandr Petrosyan: it was out of targets for one word
Aleksandr Petrosyan: just out of yeah.
good
Aleksandr Petrosyan: labels, documentation.
Aleksandr Petrosyan: c. I.
Aleksandr Petrosyan: And Constant.
Brent Zundel: he said. Ci.
Aleksandr Petrosyan: Yeah.
Aleksandr Petrosyan: Continuous integration.
Yeah.
Aleksandr Petrosyan: it's good to call it
Brent Zundel: milestone.
Aleksandr Petrosyan: Most of them
Aleksandr Petrosyan: shouldn't affect the actual
Aleksandr Petrosyan: Well, it's a process so it does affect one by 2.
Brent Zundel: So I just heard back from rye on the discord
Brent Zundel: to match the Maintainer's file.
Aleksandr Petrosyan: I've already requested being added to that team.
Aleksandr Petrosyan: You also have it a month.
Aleksandr Petrosyan: We still have to see
before
Brent Zundel: Let's do one more. 133.
Brent Zundel: We have a Google Doc to the July 20s, 2,020 roadmap.
Aleksandr Petrosyan: Yeah.
Brent Zundel: At 1 point.
Aleksandr Petrosyan: possibly relevant.
Aleksandr Petrosyan: And I'm. Also we can add one by though, because it technically does contribute to us.
Aleksandr Petrosyan: Okay.
Aleksandr Petrosyan: it's a good start.
Aleksandr Petrosyan: bye.
Aleksandr Petrosyan: I mean
Brent Zundel: we we should be able to triage the rest of them
Brent Zundel: on it.
Brent Zundel: and
Brent Zundel: we will have a few solved issues.
Brent Zundel: Excellent!
Brent Zundel: Well, thank you both. I let's see our is our next meeting. In 2 weeks
Dmitri Venger: I will.
Brent Zundel: I will be traveling
Brent Zundel: So I
Brent Zundel: you are. I feel free to continue triaging without me. If you're comfortable doing so.
Aleksandr Petrosyan: there's another point. You mentioned that some of the possible maintainers actually can't attend this meeting because they have a concurrent meeting.
Dmitri Venger: so you might actually change the time as well.
Brent Zundel: I'm. I'm open for that. Let's.
Brent Zundel: We can try to have that discussion asynchronously, and try to set it up before what, when the next meeting would be.
Brent Zundel: or we can just
Brent Zundel: meet back in 4 weeks and try to figure out a better time. Then.
Okay.
Aleksandr Petrosyan: Okay.
Dmitri Venger: Okay, sounds good.
It's not so. It's possible.
Dmitri Venger: Interesting.
Dmitri Venger: So I'm: back up again.
Dmitri Venger: Hmm.
Dmitri Venger: No. The
Okay.